Release RC2 (#271)
JoshOrndorff/recipes: text/3-entrees/constants.md

}
```

In more complex patterns, the constant value may be used as a static, base value that is scaled by a

> multiplier to incorporate stateful context for calculating some dynamic fee (ie floating transaction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
multiplier to incorporate stateful context for calculating some dynamic fee (i.e. floating transaction
```

fees).

To test the range of pallet configurations introduced by configurable constants, see
_[custom configuration of externalities](./testing/externalities.md)_

## Supplying the Constant Value

When the pallet is included in a runtime, the runtime developer supplies the value of the constant
using the
[`parameter_types!` macro](https://substrate.dev/rustdocs/v2.0.0-rc2/frame_support/macro.parameter_types.html). This

> pallet is included in the `super-runtime` where we see the following macro invocation and trat

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pallet is included in the `super-runtime` where we see the following macro invocation and trait
```
